hello this is Corbis gaming and I want
to show you another mod for skyrim it's
called the Ichigo Schwarz mod basically
we are introducing zengid so to the game
in his various forms so the first thing
that you need to do as always is
download the files from the link down in
the video description that link will
guide you to Nexus most dare dare you
watching what you need to do is to
download the files with Nexus mod
manager and the manager will install the
files for you now in game you need to go
to a blacksmithing Forge you need to
have all the blacksmithing perks in
order to craft the armors and after you
have all these requirements you're good
to go so let's go let's cover let's
cover the first zhuang get so forms so
to craft the normal form you will need
steel ingots and by the way before that
the improved forms are built upon the
previous form so in order to craft
design getsu at the legendary level
you'll need the honed the extended or
better yet the extent that the honed in
a normal version and that applies to the
other forms of zengids so you need iron
gates you need common soul gems and the
previous form and so on and so on the
requirements keep improving keep
improving you can also click on the
command and do help tens as n gets sued
xanga Tzu and you simply type the code
and you're good to go you can skip all
of this blacksmithing creation process
now I already had the liberty of
crafting everything so I'll show you in
a minute the normal forms the normal and
chica are under still and the tins is
senketsu and final tenzin zengids form
is under the a bony I think exactly by
the way the final forms tens and the
final tens anga two are one-handed
swords and the the sheikah
normal version or base version of xanga
two or two-handed weapons so take that
in mind right
I already craft everything so I'll show
you the weapons right now let's start
with xanga two in his normal form so you
have this big massive sword over here
that's the normal design get to form you
want sheet this and you have this big
massive sword look at this this is
almost a spear it's soap
it doesn't fit to the door look at that
it's really really big
the damage is good very very good but it
does not compare with with the sheikah
version the sheikah version i really
like because it's very very detailed
everything is the same everything is
exactly the same as the manga bleach
version of the sword I really like this
version really do it's fantastic
fantastic this sword does massive damage
I mean 180 is what you can expect for a
top-notch two-handed sword and it looks
good it has that nostalgic bleach aspect
and you should use it really I like it I
really do
fantastic sword the only thing that
could be holidays if you do a power
attack you could do the tender the
getsuga tensho attack but yes you cannot
ask for everything maybe make a comment
to the creator of the mod and he won't
might had that feature 2d to his mod
maybe now Tenzin Zhuang it so so we
entered the bank I forum and we have
this beauty the sword also looks exactly
the same as the one in Bleach except for
the red markers in the sword handling if
my memory serves me correctly if she
goes sword in this state is fully black
it has some red but it's not that bad
really
I still like the sword the design looks
fantastic
can you not use the spell can you simply
let's do this best to do this so these
are the two-handed madness that if you
could basically wield ten tens and sanga
twin final tens and sanga to this would
this would be the result this man so we
have these two powerful sword by the way
final things that xanga to is even
faster than a dagger it cuts really fast
really fast really fast really fast for
a one-handed sword which is something
that quite frankly is superb fantastic
it's as you can see the bank guy zengid
saw sword is fantastic I really like the
black the black color the black aspect
looks deadly
and the final ten design gitsune where
is it there is works also fantastic
fantastic fantastic I really enjoy it
looks great looks really great it's
superb actually superb superb but
basically these were the swords that I
wanted to show you this was the mod that
I wanted to show you I hope that you
enjoy this and if you feel nostalgic
about Bleach please download these mods
and play play play them we're in your
Skyrim client use them you will not be
disappointed you will not be
disappointed by the way this is a three
part series in my next model cover the
armor the faster Lord armor and on the
first part I'll lend the the small in
game series with the vast lord powers
you will have the ability to shoot a
zero and you will have the ability to
transform into a vast alert and the
mechanism is rather interesting and you
will enjoy it I'm sure you will now
thank you for watching this is all from
this mod I'll cover the other soon and
yes this is off from scar but I hope
that you enjoy this and I'm signing out
I'll see you soon
cheers Scarpas gaming we'll see you soon
Cheers